## Trade without trust

  The West doesn't trust China at all any more.

It still has to find a way to do business with Chinese firms.

--------
  Nineteen years ago an unknown Chinese company set up its first European sales offices, in a suburb of Frankfurt and an English commuter town, and started bidding to build telecoms networks.

Tody Huawei symbolises the daunting rise of China Inc-and a global trading system in which trust has collapsed.

With sales of $123bn, it is known for its razor-sharp prices and dedication to the industrial goals of China's rulers.

Since 2018 America has subjected it to a legal assault, making it a flashpoint in the trade war.

Now Britain has said that it will block Huawei from its 5G networks.

Other European countries may follow.

But far from showing the West's resolve, the saga reveals its lack of a coherent strategy.

If open societies and authoritarian China are to keep their economic links and avoid a descent into anarchy, a new trade architecture is needed.

--------

  America's security chiefs have always worried that Huawei's equipment was designed to aid spying and would make its customers dependent on subsidised Chinese technology.

  But over 170 other cuntries decided the risks were manageable.

  Britain, which works closely with America on intelligence, created a "cell" of cyber-experts to monitor Huawei's gear in 2010 and, later, confined it to less sensitive parts of the network.

  Other countries mirrored this approach.

  It offered a middle way between a naive embrace of Chinese state capitalism and a cold war.

| En | Zh |
|-|-|
| suburb | 郊区 |
| commuter | 通勤者 |
| bit | 出价；投标 |
| telecom | 电信，远距通信；电讯 |
| symbolise | 象征，代表 |
| daunting | 使人畏缩的；使人怯步 |
| collapse | （突然）倒塌；坍塌 |
| razor-sharp | 锋利的；犀利的 |
| dedication | 奉献；献身 |
| assault | 攻击；袭击 |
| flashpoint | 一触即发；导火线 |
|  saga | 一系列的事件 |
| coherent | 连贯的；有条理的 |
| authoritarian | 独裁主义的；权利主义的 |
| anarchy | 无政府状态；混乱；无秩序 |
| architecture | 建筑学；建筑风格；架构 |
| spy | 间谍；认出 |
| subsidise | 给...补助金；资助 |
| cell | 秘密小组 |
| cyber | 与计算机或网络有关的 |
| monitor | 监视器，监控 |
| gear | 装置，工具 |
| embrace | 拥抱 |
| set up | 创建；建立 |
| commuter town | 通勤者市镇 |
| state capitalism | 国家资本主义 |

