## Mental Health In The Workplace

  While there is a growing focus on mental health in the workplace, there are fewer resources and support available to those running small businesses.

--------

  There are many reasons people choose to have their own business being their own boss, working on something they love, being able to set their own hours, or having some control over whom they work with.

   Yet the reality many small business owners face is far less attractive-financial stress, long working hours and unclear boundaries between work and family life.

   And all of these factors can have a huge impact on their mental health.

   --------

   Leanne Fawkner is a business owner of an award-winning skin-care range.

   She knows very well the impact that a small business can have on, the mental health of its owner.

   When her successful business struggled due to the global financial crisis, she suffered a lot mentally.

  "As business slowed, I was more and more affected," she says.

  "I coudn't separate myself from my business. It was the worst experience of my life. I could no longer go to work and was crying all day?"

  --------
  Fawkner was diagnosed with depression. She had to take several months off work.

  Fortunately, her husband was able to keep things going while Fawkner was recovering.

  She saw a counselor for help and took park in a workplace mental health promotion program.

  This program was designed for small to medium business owners.

  --------

  "The stories on the DVD in the program were so helpful. I was crying because I didn't feel so alone." For Fawkner, small business owner are overlooked.

  While employees in larger organizations often have access to employee assistance programs, small business owners are struggling on their own.


| En                     | Zh                     |
|------------------------|------------------------|
| focus                  | 聚集；焦点；中心       |
| resource               | 资源，财力             |
| available              | 可以的；可获得的       |
| attractive             | 吸引人的；有魅力的     |
| boundary               | 边界；范围；分界线     |
| global                 | 全球                   |
| crisis                 | 危机；危险期           |
| suffer                 | 遭受；忍受             |
| affect                 | 影响                   |
| separate               | （使）分离，分开；隔开 |
| diagnose               | 诊断；断定             |
| depression             | 抑郁症                 |
| recover                | 恢复                   |
| promotion              | 提升；促进             |
| overlook               | 忽视                   |
| employee               | 雇员                   |
| organization           | 组织；机构             |
| assistance             | 援助，帮助             |
| Mental Health          | 心里健康               |
| have a  huge impact on | 有巨大的影响           |
| take part in           | 参加，参与             |
| have access to         | 有权利；能够使用       |
| on one's own           | 独自地；靠自己地       |



